K-Nearest Neighbor:
-------------------
Introduction:
-------------
K-nearest neighbors (KNN) is a type of supervised learning algorithm used for both regression and classification. KNN tries to predict the correct class for the test 
data by calculating the distance between the test data and all the training points. Then select the K number of points which is closet to the test data. The KNN 
algorithm calculates the probability of the test data belonging to the classes of ‘K’ training data and class holds the highest probability will be selected. In the 
case of regression, the value is the mean of the ‘K’ selected training points.

Suppose, we have an image of a creature that looks similar to cat and dog, but we want to know either it is a cat or dog. So for this identification, we can use the 
KNN algorithm, as it works on a similarity measure. Our KNN model will find the similar features of the new data set to the cats and dogs images and based on the most
similar features it will put it in either cat or dog category.

Why do we need a K-NN Algorithm?
Suppose there are two categories, i.e., Category A and Category B, and we have a new data point x1, so this data point will lie in which of these categories. To solve 
this type of problem, we need a K-NN algorithm. With the help of K-NN, we can easily identify the category or class of a particular dataset.

How does K-NN work?
The K-NN working can be explained on the basis of the below algorithm:
Step-1: Select the number K of the neighbors
Step-2: Calculate the Euclidean distance of K number of neighbors
Step-3: Take the K nearest neighbors as per the calculated Euclidean distance.
Step-4: Among these k neighbors, count the number of the data points in each category.
Step-5: Assign the new data points to that category for which the number of the neighbor is maximum.
Step-6: Our model is ready.

Suppose we have a new data point and we need to put it in the required category.
1.Firstly, we will choose the number of neighbors, so we will choose the k=5.
2.Next, we will calculate the Euclidean distance between the data points. The Euclidean distance is the distance between two points, which we have already studied in
geometry.
3.By calculating the Euclidean distance we got the nearest neighbors, as three nearest neighbors in category A and two nearest neighbors in category B.
4.As we can see the 3 nearest neighbors are from category A, hence this new data point must belong to category A.
