Introduction to Naive Bayes for Classification:
------------------------------------------------
This algorithm is called “Naive” because it makes a naive assumption that each feature is independent of other features which is not true in real life.
As for the “Bayes” part, it refers to the statistician and philosopher, Thomas Bayes and the theorem named after him, Bayes’ theorem, which is the base for Naive Bayes
Algorithm.

What is Naive Bayes Algorithm?
On Summarizing the above mentioned points Naive Bayes algorithm can be defined as a supervised classification algorithm which is based on Bayes theorem with an 
assumption
of independence among features.

A Brief look on Bayes Theorem :
Bayes Theorem helps us to find the probability of a hypothesis given our prior knowledge.
As per wikipedia,In probability theory and statistics, Bayes’ theorem (alternatively Bayes’ law or Bayes’ rule, also written as Bayes’s theorem) describes the 
probability of an event, based on prior knowledge of conditions that might be related to the event..
P(A/B)=(P(B/A)*P(A))/P(B)
Where,
1. P(A|B) is the probability of hypothesis A given the data B. This is called the posterior probability.
2. P(B|A) is the probability of data B given that the hypothesis A was true.
3. P(A) is the probability of hypothesis A being true (regardless of the data). This is called the prior probability of A.
4. P(B) is the probability of the data (regardless of the hypothesis).

Pros and Cons of Naive Bayes Algorithm:

Pros :
1. It is easy to understand.
2. It can also be trained on small dataset.

Cons :
1. It has a ‘Zero conditional probability Problem’, for features having zero frequency the total probability also becomes zero.There are several sample correction 
techniques to fix this problem such as “Laplacian Correction.”
2. Another disadvantage is the very strong assumption of independence class features that it makes. It is near to impossible to find such data sets in real life.

Applications of Naive Bayes Algorithm :
1. Naive Bayes is widely used for text classification
2. Another example of Text Classification where Naive Bayes is mostly used is Spam Filtering in Emails
3. Other Examples include Sentiment Analysis ,Recommender Systems etc
